blog: reinvent 2023 (#2609)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/fusionauth-re-invent-2023.mdx

---
publish_date: 2023-11-27
title: "We'll see you at AWS re:Invent 2023"
description: FusionAuth is going to AWS re:Invent. Stop by and see us!
authors: Alex Patterson
image: /img/blogs/fusionauth-re-invent-2023/fusionauth-template.png
categories: Events
tags: events, reinvent, conference
excerpt_separator: "{/* more */}"
---

> AWS re:Invent is one of the largest technical conferences in the world. In the cloud space, it is the go-to event. This week there will be tens of thousands of attendees in Las Vegas, Nevada. The [FusionAuth team will be among them](/aws-reinvent23), and we'd love to see you there!

Reviewer: The link does not go anywhere.  I imagine you know this, just want to verify.

{/* more */}

## Why the team is attending

We're going to re:Invent for many reasons.

One is that FusionAuth and our clients often deploy on the AWS public cloud. Some clients use vanilla EC2 instances with RDS, others deploy on solutions like EKS and Fargate (yes, [FusionAuth supports Kubernetes](/docs/v1/tech/installation-guide/kubernetes/fusionauth-deployment)).

> AWS re:Invent is an opportunity to meet developers where they are both during talks and in the ever-present hallway track. We look forward to exchanging knowledge and ideas with folks building on the AWS platform.

Reviewer: "where they are both during talks and in.." This is a little tough to read. Do you mean doing talks?

We're also excited to chat with attendees about authentication. We like to hear from developers about what they are building on top of solutions like FusionAuth, Auth0 and Cognito.

> You can migrate from [Auth0](/docs/v1/tech/migration-guide/auth0) to FusionAuth and we're of course happy to help. Migrating away from Cognito isn't as straightforward, but [there are ways](/docs/v1/tech/migration-guide/cognito).

Reviewer: This transition isn't real smooth.  You could say something like, "In the past, developers have asked us how to migrate from Auth0 and of course we are happy to help."

We're also looking forward to some AWS re:Invent sessions. 

> Exciting ones include 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exciting ones include:
```

- SEC209 | Modernize authorization: Lessons from cryptography and authentication
- DAT333 | Building highly resilient applications with Amazon DynamoDB
- SEC322 | Integrate apps with Amazon Cognito and Amazon Verified Permissions
- BOA209 | Build verifiable and effective application authorization in 40 minutes

Of course, it isn't all education. There's also fun to be had!

One fun thing to do is join [Corey Quinn's annual nature walk](https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/aws-re-invent-what-you-actually-need-to-know-before-you-go/) where he skewers Expo vendors. This is happening on Wednesday at 1pm.

> There are also numerous parties. If you are attending AWS, chances are at least one vendor has emailed you with an invite. This Twitter account, [@reInventParties](https://twitter.com/reInventParties/), is a great way to discover additional opportunities for fun.

Reviewer: Should we mention the FusionAuth party here?  It may be more invite only so, maybe not.  Just want to make sure you thought about it.

Finally, if nature is your thing, we've heard [Red Rock Canyon](https://www.blm.gov/programs/national-conservation-lands/nevada/red-rock-canyon) has good hiking and climbing.

## Person On The Street

> Have you ever wanted to be one of those people in Vegas that they walk up to and ask questions to win prizes? Well, you are in luck because from the moment my shoes hit the ground at re:Invent this year I will be recording all the action. I will be asking some hard-to-answer questions about Authentication, but when you get the answer right you will win a collector's set of FusionAuth trading cards. With each set, there will be an opportunity to win swag at our booth #152.

Reviewer: "With each set, there will be an opportunity to win swag at our booth #152."

The way I read this is that you use the cards for a chance to win something?  Is that right or do you just get something for the cards?

![Alex with FusionAuth hat and trading cards behind him.](/img/blogs/fusionauth-re-invent-2023/reinvent-cards.png)

## Meet up with FusionAuth

If you want to meet up with the FusionAuth team at re:Invent this week, we're around and ready to chat. Find us in a couple of places:

> * We're having a Party on Wednesday, November 29 at [ROCKHOUSE](https://www.therockhousebar.com/). It's currently full, but please feel free to join the waitlist.

Reviewer: sound like you mention there party here, but may be work mentioning above too.  FOMO is real.

> * We have booth #152 in the Expo hall neare the walkway to Caesars Forum, so if you see Red Hat and Cockroach Labs, you are in the right place! There's no public map for the 2023 re:Invent Expo yet, but [here's the page](https://reinvent.awsevents.com/learn/expo/). Brave the madness and come say hi for a demo of biometric authentication, chat about the intricacies of the Authorization Code grant, or sign up for giveaways. You can also get VIP access to the aforementioned party at ROCKHOUSE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have booth #152 in the Expo hall near the walkway to Caesars Forum. If you see Red Hat and Cockroach Labs, you are in the right place! There's no public map for the 2023 re:Invent Expo yet, but [here's the page](https://reinvent.awsevents.com/learn/expo/). Brave the madness and come say hi for a demo of biometric authentication, chat about the intricacies of the Authorization Code grant, or sign up for giveaways. You can also get VIP access to the aforementioned party at ROCKHOUSE.
```

* If you want to meet with a team member to discuss how FusionAuth can help you in more detail, visit [our 2023 AWS re:Invent page](/aws-reinvent23) and click on **Schedule a Meeting**.

> * Finally, we'll be out and about as well. Send us a note via our [contact form](/contact) or post to us on [X](https://twitter.com/fusionauth) (yeah that used to say tweet). 

Reviewer: Is anyone going to post on the FusionAuth account while there?  Should you ask people to follow FusionAuth as well?

Reviewer 2: Do you mean the LinkedIn account? This is our twitter account. I don't like asking for follows but let them make that call.
